Blog - Apply Mutual TLS Over a Kubernetes Nginx Ingress Controller (#352)
earthly/website: blog/_posts/2023-03-28-mutual-tls-kubernetes-nginx-ingress-controller.md

This YAML is the declarative representation of the ingress resource "test-localhost" that has been created in previous steps. It contains the needed rule to route the external traffic coming through "test.localdev.me" to the target service "demo-app"

~~~{.yaml caption=""}
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: test-localhost
  namespace: default
spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  rules:
  - host: test.localdev.me
    http:
      paths:
      - backend:
          service:
            name: demo-app
            port:
              number: 80
        path: /
        pathType: Prefix
  tls:
  - hosts:
    - test.localdev.me
    secretName: self-tls
~~~

Now we want to hit the hostname (test.localdev.me) on port 443 to test the HTTPS connection through the port-forward technique. The below command will forward traffic from port 443 on the local machine to the Nginx Ingress Controller service running on port 443 inside the namespace `ingress-nginx`.

~~~{.bash caption=">_"}
$ sudo kubectl port-forward -n ingress-nginx \
service/ingress-nginx-controller 443:443
~~~

> 
> **Note**: `sudo` is required here to allow incoming traffic on port 443.
> Also keep that command running in a separate session as port-forwarding will be used for the rest of the article.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<div class="notice--info">
  `sudo` is required here to allow incoming traffic on port 443.
Also keep that command running in a separate session as port-forwarding will be used for the rest of the article.
</div>
```

From another terminal, let's try to curl the local endpoint with HTTPS protocol:

~~~{.bash caption=">_"}
$ curl -k -v https://test.localdev.me/
~~~

>  -k is used to skip self-signed certificate verification and -v to see some logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `-k` is used to skip self-signed certificate verification and `-v` to see some logs.
```
